add readme and pr template (#25)
across-protocol/exclusive-relayer-configs: README.md

# Exclusive Relayer Configurations

> 

Reviewer: NIT: We should add some more generic description on what this repo is and then point to below steps/guide on how to be added to the exclusivity set. But this can also be done later in a subsequent PR

To add a new relayer configuration, you need to create a file inside the `/configs` directory.

## 📝 File Naming

The file must be named in the following format:

- `{{relayer-address}}.json`

Example:

```json
// 0x123abc123abc.json
{

>   "minExclusivePeriod": 12, // number (seconds)

Author: yes that is bad english on my part

  "minProfitThreshold": 0.0001, // number
  "balanceMultiplier": 0.2, // number

>   "maxFillSize": 12000 // number

Author: yes I think we should definitely add a section in the README that breaks down the purpose and format of each item

}
```

## 🧪 Validation

Before submitting your configuration, ensure that the file is correctly formatted by running the validation script:

```bash
yarn validate-configs

> ```

Reviewer: We should also add some requirements like:
- Node
- yarn

And some prerequisites they need to run like:
- git checkout
- yarn install

We could also make this section/step optional and just rely on the GHA check?

# Exclusive Relayer Configuration Repository

This public repository hosts configuration files for relayer exclusivity within the Across protocol. Relayers can add or update config files that define specific parameters and values used to select exclusive relayers for bridge fills.

**Project Prerequisites**

- nodejs
- yarn

## Installation

1 Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/exclusive-relayer-config.git
cd exclusive-relayer-config
```

2 Install packages

```bash
yarn install
```

## Adding a new File

To add a new relayer configuration, you need to create a file inside the `/configs` directory.

## 📝 File Naming

The file must be named in the following format:

- `{{relayer-address}}.json`

## Config File Structure

Each config file must include the following fields:

- `minExclusivityPeriod`: The minimum time (in seconds) that a relayer should remain exclusive before other relayers are allowed to fill.
- `minProfitThreshold`: The minimum profit margin required for a relayer to be eligible for exclusivity.
- `balanceMultiplier`: A factor applied to the relayer's balance, which is used to compute their prioritization during the selection process.

> - `maxFillSize`: The maximum size of the bridge fill that the relayer can handle.

Author: @pxrl Need your help here 😅

Reviewer 2: @gsteenkamp89 I made a quick proposal here: https://github.com/across-protocol/exclusive-relayer-configs/pull/25/files#r1728859152

> - `minExclusivityPeriod`: The minimum time (in seconds) that a relayer should remain exclusive before other relayers are allowed to fill.
> - `minProfitThreshold`: The minimum profit margin required for a relayer to be eligible for exclusivity.
> - `balanceMultiplier`: A factor applied to the relayer's balance, which is used to compute their prioritization during the selection process.
> - `maxFillSize`: The maximum size of the bridge fill that the relayer can handle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `minExclusivityPeriod`: The minimum time (in seconds) that a relayer will have exclusive fill rights on a deposit.
- `minProfitThreshold`: The minimum profit margin required for a relayer to be eligible for exclusivity.
- `balanceMultiplier`: Scaling factor to apply to the relayer's balance before determinig whether it has sufficient funds to make a fill..
- `maxFillSize`: The maximum USD value of a fill that the relayer requests exclusivity for.
```

Example:

```json
// 0x123abc123abc.json
{

>   "minExclusivityPeriod": 12,
>   "minProfitThreshold": 0.0001,
>   "balanceMultiplier": 0.2,
>   "maxFillSize": 12000

Reviewer 2: I think these defaults are probably closer to what we're likely to start with.

```suggestion
  "minExclusivityPeriod": 5,
  "minProfitThreshold": 0.00005,
  "balanceMultiplier": 0.25,
  "maxFillSize": 2500
```
